doc/release-notes: migration note for stalwart-mail user (#317239)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2411.section.md

  before changing the package to `pkgs.stalwart-mail` in
  [`services.stalwart-mail.package`](#opt-services.stalwart-mail.package).

- The `stalwart-mail` service now runs under the `stalwart-mail` system user

>   instead of a dynamically created via `DynamicUser`, to avoid automatic

Reviewer: I think we are missing a one after created

> - The `stalwart-mail` service now runs under the `stalwart-mail` user and group
>   instead of a `DynamicUser`, to avoid the automatic ownership change on its
>   large file store each time the service was started. This module change
>   requires administrators to manually move the state directory from
>   `/var/lib/private/stalwart-mail` to `/var/lib/stalwart-mail` and to
>   set the ownership of this directory and its content to `stalwart-mail`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `stalwart-mail` service now runs under the `stalwart-mail` system user
  instead of a dynamically created via `DynamicUser`, to avoid automatic ownership
  changes on its large file store each time the service was started.
  This change requires to manually move the state directory from
  `/var/lib/private/stalwart-mail` to `/var/lib/stalwart-mail` and to
  change the ownership of the directory and its content to `stalwart-mail`.
```
